Expanded the documentation a bit (#2)
davidbrochart/jupyter_server_kernels_proxy: README.md

# Jupyter Server Kernels Proxy

> This tool allows you to use notebooks on a target machine without installing the whole JupyterLab
> environment. The JupyterLab server will still be running on your host (development machine) but the
> kernels (notebooks) will be executed remotely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension allows hosting kernels on a different machine than the rest of the Jupyter server.
```

> ### Setup the target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup the kernels' host
```

> Inside the target terminal/environment (this will be the side running the Python kernel code):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the kernel's host, or in a new terminal/environment if you have a single machine:
```

```console
pip install fps_uvicorn
pip install fps_kernels
pip install fps-noauth

# launch a terminal server at http://0.0.0.0:8000
# beware, it will be freely accessible to anyone on the local network!
fps-uvicorn --host=0.0.0.0 --port=8000 --no-open-browser
```

> Alternatively (if you don't have a Unix shell on your target, like in an Android app) you can add this to your Python
> code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can run this code:
```

```python
from fps_uvicorn.cli import app
app(["--host=0.0.0.0","--port=8005","--no-open-browser"])
```

> ### Setup the host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setup the Jupyter server's host
```

> On your host terminal/environment (your development machine, will accept connections from your browser):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Jupyter server's host, or in a new terminal/environment if you have a single machine:
```

```console
pip install https://github.com/davidbrochart/jupyter_server/archive/kernels_extension.zip
pip install jupyter_server_kernels_proxy
pip install jupyterlab

# launch JupyterLab at http://127.0.0.1:8888 and run kernels at http://<ip-of-the-target>:8000
jupyter lab --port=8888 --KernelsProxyExtensionApp.proxy_url='http://<ip-of-the-target>:8000'
```

> Kernels should now be served from http://<ip-of-the-target>:8000 and can be worked with by connecting
> to http://localhost:8888/lab .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kernels should now be served from http://<ip-of-the-target>:8000 while the user connects to http://localhost:8888/lab.
`<ip-of-the-target>` is `127.0.0.1` for a local setup.
```
